hi I don't know how this got made maybe
you heard about this movie through it's
crazy poster or the trailer or maybe the
fact that you know it ended up on the
news cuz they accidentally slipped in a
scene about sexual harassment being an
okay thinking that causes us to need to
pull the movie from some theaters or
you're just subscribed to this channel
by the way I woke up at 8 o'clock in the
morning to go catch this thing before I
got pulled from the theaters and it's
it's interesting let me explain so well
our net seems to have this thing with
talking animals and you know some are
more annoying to work with and mr.
peanut butter and in this one this guy
plays a New York detective who crosses
paths with a private investigator who
just so happens to be a dog as ludicrous
as that sounds he's also voiced by him
this dog refuses to be this man's best
friend but they're stuck working a case
together in Las Vegas where they got to
find an illegal panda before it's
expressed shipped to the highest buyer
it was a got fluffy in this movie
there's also in Jordin Sparks voicing a
dog dream as a dog and Stanley freakin
Tucci sir now you were trying different
things with the Hunger Games and I was
okay with that I forgave you for the
first time you were in transformers I
ignored the fact that you recast
yourself again for another transformers
but are you in some kind of con yet bro
cos you're in a movie where a dog dance
first move into Zeus showed up one of
the big things that came out of this
movie was that it takes place during a
dog show and they're trying to
infiltrate it to find this Panda so
Ludacris's dog has to participate in the
show and while he's prepping he has to
get his booty hole wax cuz that's where
the judges check what's he doing back
there wait what
obviously my dog in consenting and he's
like check but they just swipe that
thing clean to make it even worse during
the scene - cheese dogs telling him to
ignore his Gucci and just think of a
peaceful place to go somewhere else
because it'll all be over soon brah
that's what father Muldoon told me
before he funny thing is is that because
of that scene people are also ignoring
ignoring another one that happens in the
movie where this guy from the turtle
Club offers up his dog to crossbreed and
it's a transgender dog voiced by RuPaul
who's okay selling his body to birth
puppies for a dog trafficking you know
it's a wild movie but hey someone out
there is bound to be entertained by it
someone will love seeing them save the
Panda from fatter Gervaise figuring out
who let the dogs out or if anything you
know be happy that I was able to make an
extra video on it
thank you guys for checking out this
video I'm Pierce know your thoughts
about this this was some but I think
it's just super interesting right when
the whole Peter Rabbit thing happened
and I heard the outrage I want to go see
it and I thought it was a funny movie
this one you know going to that extent
of actually pulling the movie from some
theaters the version that I saw still
had that scene in it obviously but yeah
it's crazy it's it's nothing different
than the Chihuahua movies or you know
any of the other talking dog animal
movies but yeah you know I'm curious to
see what you guys thought about this
movie don't forget to comment like and
subscribe down below share the video if
you liked it and I'll send you a livin
Chihuahua